There are issues with configuration changes still:
  * Sometimes there seem to be crashes when multiple changes occur after
    each other
  * There are definite issues with the background task, and an orientation
    change that happens in the meantime.
  * We could improve performance by not requiring a reload.
For now, to make these issues less obvious, we have locked the activity
orientations; this lock could be removed once this todo item is fixed.

Add a "security log" feature that basically exports the "disabled
comonents" database to the sdcard in the form of "pm enable" commands,
automatically and in regular intervals.
Add a help entry explaining how to use this file in case something goes
wrong, to restore components.

Support grouping by application.

Currently, we don't pay any attention to the fact that a single receiver
may be responsible for multiple events. As a result, disabling a single
component may effect multiple entries. At the very least, the UI should
update accordingly when a component is disabled (striking out multiple
rows).

Add German localization.

Update our custom colors to be stateful.

Use a enabled/disabled receiver to automatically reload if a package
outside of our app is changed.

We could use a custom executable instead of "pm", allowing us to call
setComponentEnabledState with the NO_RESTART flag - currently, the
package is always restarted when we chance something. Code to look at
in frameworks/base:
	cmds/pm/pm
	cmds/pm/src/../Pm.java
	cmds/app_process/*

Add a "system view" that goes through packages.xml manually and shows
all receivers (or even: all components?), allowing users to disable or
enable them. Explain in help section, why this separate view is necessary:
Because due to API limitations (GET_INTENT_FILTERS not implemented), we
are unable to get information about which intents a disabled comonent would
handle.

Add social features: People can write comments about individual
components, and what effects disabling them had. This would need to include
information about the version etc.